I came in and took her away.
Name your kids for me.
The oldest child is Catherine.
Okay.
K-A-T-H-R-Y-N.
And the younger one is Alice.
Alice.
And how old is Catherine?
Catherine is four and a half.
Oh, great.
Nice.
I have two girls as well.
Yeah, how old are they?
They're, let's see now.
Barbara will be, she's 14.
They're 14 and 13.
They're 13 months apart.
My wife was a saint.
Uh-huh.
That is hard.
It was unbelievable.
It's nice now, I have to say.
Yeah.
It is.
This second one has really thrown us off balance.
Yeah, well, I mean, you had a couple of years there.
This was not intended, but what are you going to do?
These little blessings are coming.
You accept them.
Anyway, they're great.
Great kids.
Girls are the best, I must say.
I'm the only male in the house, including the Labrador Retriever and the cat, for that matter.
That's my husband's physician that page.
He's pretty happy with us, too.
Listen, I think I've got plenty of stuff.
Okay.
And I'm going to move this right along.
So I'll make sure either if you want me to send you copies directly, I'd be happy to do that.
Okay.
I'll be working on it.
Like, actually, I'm going to just go get some coffee and I'll start transferring.
I'm going to work on it right now.
Well, thanks so much for doing this.
Well, it's my pleasure.
And believe me, I wouldn't do it if I didn't want to.
And Alan knows that.
Yeah.
And, I mean, I only do the books I want to do.
So, in fact, this was my, you know, actually, I'm here, I'm looking at the back of the dust jacket, and they say, well, here is a visionary world rooted in the knowledge of Pol Kafka.
Borges, did you see this?
Yeah.
Oh, that was, yeah, Dave Smith.
Dave Smith, yeah.
Something he wrote about the stories, I guess.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think this is just fine.
And if there are any other questions, I won't hesitate to give you a call.
And I enjoyed talking to you.
Yep.
Thanks a lot.
And good luck.
Yep.
Bye-bye.